couple of minor fixes while building docs (#4222)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/drift.md

Drift Detection is the process of identifying changes in the actual state of your cloud environment that deviate from the expected state stored in Pulumi Cloud. This deviation can occur for various reasons, including manual adjustments made directly in the cloud provider’s console, unintended consequences of scripts, or unauthorized changes.

> To detect and remediate drift via Pulumi Deployments, you are first required to configure deployment settings for your stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Drift Detection and Remediation via Pulumi Deployments, you are first required to configure deployment settings for your stack.
```

> To use Drift Detection and Remediation via Pulumi Deployments, you are first required to configure deployment settings for your stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use drift detection and remediation with Pulumi Deployments, you must first configure the deployment settings for your stack.
```

You can also run a remediate drift operation, which will run a `pulumi up --refresh` to treat the Pulumi program as the source of truth and override what is in the cloud.

> ## Running Drift Detection from the CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Running drift detection from the CLI
```

> Any preview of a refresh is considered a drift detection run in Pulumi Cloud. Running Drift Detection from the CLI is as simple as running `pulumi refresh --preview-only` or even just `pulumi refresh`, which will first run a preview (thereby creating the drift run), before running the actual refresh.

Reviewer 3: Is drift detection a proper noun?

Reviewer 2: Products are proper nouns (Pulumi Deployments), features/capabilities should not be.

> Any preview of a refresh is considered a drift detection run in Pulumi Cloud. Running Drift Detection from the CLI is as simple as running `pulumi refresh --preview-only` or even just `pulumi refresh`, which will first run a preview (thereby creating the drift run), before running the actual refresh.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any preview of a refresh is considered a drift detection run in Pulumi Cloud. Running drift detection from the CLI is as simple as running `pulumi refresh --preview-only` or even just `pulumi refresh`, which will first run a preview (thereby creating the drift run), before running the actual refresh.
```

Drift Detection is the process of identifying changes in the actual state of your cloud environment that deviate from the expected state stored in Pulumi Cloud. This deviation can occur for various reasons, including manual adjustments made directly in the cloud provider’s console, unintended consequences of scripts, or unauthorized changes.

To detect and remediate drift via Pulumi Deployments, you are first required to configure deployment settings for your stack.

You can also run a remediate drift operation, which will run a `pulumi up --refresh` to treat the Pulumi program as the source of truth and override what is in the cloud.

## Running Drift Detection from the CLI

Any preview of a refresh is considered a drift detection run in Pulumi Cloud. Running Drift Detection from the CLI is as simple as running `pulumi refresh --preview-only` or even just `pulumi refresh`, which will first run a preview (thereby creating the drift run), before running the actual refresh.

After your run completes you can see the drift run via the [Drift tab](#drift-tab) for your stack.

## Pulumi Cloud UI

> ### Running via click to deploy

Reviewer 4: In other places Click to Deploy is capitalized, as it is a feature name. Why do we not want that here?

You can run a drift or remediate drift run ad hoc using the Click to Deploy option from your stack.

![Click to Deploy](../click-to-deploy-drift.png)

### Drift tab

We've added a new Drift tab to the stack page. If the stack is currently in a drifted state, a warning bell icon will appear on the tab.

Regardless of how a drift run is initiated, all results will appear in this tab. If there is drift detected for a run, a diff summary of the changes will be included in the information card.

![Drift tab](../drift-tab.png)

### Configuring Drift Detection on a schedule

> In order to set up Drift Detection and remediation in the Pulumi Cloud console, follow these steps:

Reviewer 4: if we leave Drift Detection capitalized then Remediation should be capitalized, it we lower case remediation we should change to lower case drift detection.

![Drift Webhook Events](../drift-webhook-events.png)

> ### Summary of Drift Detection events

Reviewer 4: These are not just drift detection events, they are drift remediation as well, so this is actually wrong.

Author: gotcha; i'll put it back. thx

> ### Summary of Drift Detection and Remediation events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Summary of drift detection and remediation events
```

* Drift detected - A drift run detected drift.
* Drift detection succeeded - A drift run succeeded, regardless of whether it detected drift or not.
* Drift detection failed - A drift run failed to finish.
* Drift remediation succeeded - A drift remediation run succeeded.
* Drift remediation failed - A drift remediation run failed to finish.

### Setting it up via the REST API

For those who prefer to automate and script their infrastructure tasks, Drift Detection and Remediation can be configured programmatically using simple HTTP requests. Here are the new endpoints we have added:

* Create a drift schedule

> * Get a drift schedule

Reviewer 3: Here you dont use it as a proper noun. May want to be more consistent
